README.md, before:

# CG ClickTale
Gem to implement ClickTale in Rails 3 applications.

## Installation
### In Gemfile
gem 'cg_clicktale', :git => "https://github.com/cgservices/cg_clicktale.git"

### Generator
Install ClickTale support by using the generator

    rails g cg_clicktale:install <project_id> (<ratio> <params>)

Project ID is the ClickTale project id, for example '100000'. This argument is mandatory.
Ratio is the visitor recording ratio, for example '0.1' for recording 1/10th of all visitors. This defaults to '1' if omitted.
Params are optional parameters, for example 'www02'. This defaults to 'www02' if omitted.

The generator adds 2 files to your Rails application. clicktale.rb in the config/initializers folder and clicktale.yml in the config folder.

#### config/clicktale.yml
This config file contains the configuration of ClickTale. It contains the project id, ratio and params and enables you to turn ClickTale on and off in the different Rails environments.

#### config/initializers/clicktale.rb
This initializer loads the clicktale.yml config file and sets the config in the CgClicktale gem with the options found in the config file.

## Usage
After installation, include

    <%= clicktale_top() %>

after the <body> tag and

    <%= clicktale_bottom() %>

before the </body> tag in your layout.html.erb file to enable ClickTale recording.


Based on the ClickTale gem by Astrials @ http://github.com/astrails/clicktale

Commit message:

Config file fix Readme fix

README.md, after:

# CG ClickTale
Gem to implement ClickTale in Rails 3 applications.

## Installation
### In Gemfile
gem 'cg_clicktale', :git => "https://github.com/cgservices/cg_clicktale.git"

### Generator
Install ClickTale support by using the generator

    rails g cg_clicktale:install <project_id> (<ratio> <params>)

Project ID is the ClickTale project id, for example '100000'. This argument is mandatory.

Ratio is the visitor recording ratio, for example '0.1' for recording 1/10th of all visitors. This defaults to '1' if omitted.

Params are optional parameters, for example 'www02'. This defaults to 'www02' if omitted.

The generator adds 2 files to your Rails application; *clicktale.yml* in the config folder and *clicktale.rb* in the config/initializers folder.

#### config/clicktale.yml
This config file contains the configuration of ClickTale. It contains the project id, ratio and params and enables you to turn ClickTale on and off in the different Rails environments.

#### config/initializers/clicktale.rb
This initializer loads the clicktale.yml config file and sets the config in the CgClicktale gem with the options found in the config file.

## Usage
After installation, include

    <%= clicktale_top() %>

after the <body> tag and

    <%= clicktale_bottom() %>

before the </body> tag in your layout.html.erb file to enable ClickTale recording.

## Configuration
The basic configuration of the CgClicktale gem can be found in the config.yml file in your Rails app.

* allowed_addresses: Allows configuration of IP addresses that should be allowed. When using a load balancer, you'l want to include the load balancers IP address here.


Based on the ClickTale gem by Astrials @ http://github.com/astrails/clicktale
